hi into mr. productions here today we
were doing an unboxing DJ hero for ps3 I
just picked up i purchased this for a
hundred and thirty dollars at eb games
in canada ok let's get started look this
little skin over here ah sh t cut the
little tape off Sligh the skin up nice
skin I like that nice okay cardboard it
off there it is these are hero the DJ
hero turntable spins really nice
actually green red blue Oh audien the
PSD button and
that's pretty nice you got that then
instructions i guess i'll use it what
not to do what to do comes with
batteries it's pretty good actually so
now i don't need to go buy them Darris
up last long poison USB port these are
hero and last but not least DJ hero
tells you all the song straight a team
that's a pretty nice weird oh yeah also
one more thing is that on the turntable
here you could switch them like this if
you're left handed right-handed I prefer
like this so we don't play on my lap
like that pretty nice and that's about
it thanks for watching stay tuned